chore: remove DoD from templates (#2314)
solid-design-system/solid: .github/pull_request_template.md

<!-- *PR notes: Irrelevant elements should be removed.* -->
- [ ] Documentation is created/updated
- [ ] Migration Guide is created/updated

> <!-- *PR notes: In case of a BREAKING CHANGE in this PR.* -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- *PR notes: If this PR includes a BREAKING CHANGE, a migration guide is needed to explain how users can migrate between versions. * -->
```

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this comment come before the checkbox of the migration guide?

Author: I aligned with the other comments... dont know if this actually has any impact...
